Including Distributed Postgres Cache information (#35889)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/app-state.md

The in-memory cache provider stores session data in the memory of the server where the app resides. In a server farm scenario:

> * Use *sticky sessions* to tie each session to a specific app instance on an individual server. [Azure App Service](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/app-service/) uses [Application Request Routing (ARR)](/iis/extensions/planning-for-arr/using-the-application-request-routing-module) to enforce sticky sessions by default. However, sticky sessions can affect scalability and complicate web app updates. A better approach is to use a Redis, SQL Server, or Azure Postgres distributed cache, which doesn't require sticky sessions. For more information, see <xref:performance/caching/distributed>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use *sticky sessions* to tie each session to a specific app instance on an individual server. [Azure App Service](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/app-service/) uses [Application Request Routing (ARR)](/iis/extensions/planning-for-arr/using-the-application-request-routing-module) to enforce sticky sessions by default. However, sticky sessions can affect scalability and complicate web app updates. A better approach is to use a Redis, SQL Server, or Azure Database for PostgreSQL distributed cache, which doesn't require sticky sessions. For more information, see <xref:performance/caching/distributed>.
```
Should this be the more formal and complete name Azure Database for PostgreSQL to avoid any confusion and help with translation?
